Abstract

1. Introduction

In the United States, all classified government papers must be released to the public after a specified amount of time. Under Executive Order 13526, this time period is defaulted at 10 years; after 25 years declassification review is automatic, with few exceptions. 

With the advent of the Information Age and the exponential growth of data exchange, manual declassification has become an increasingly difficult task. Since we are just now beginning to uncover documents exchanged approximately three decades ago, the predicted volume will exponentially increase. Replacing current manual analyses with automized processes is essential for efficiency as well as consistency in practices.

Our goal is to use computer vision to automatically identify redactions on photographs and scans of historical documents, as well as return the type and location of censored lines. Creating software to do so will be a useful tool to social scientists and historians, whom are currently dependent on manual analysis, impractical for large quantities of data.

2. Overview

Colloquially, redactions are obscurations or removals of sensitive infomation from a document prior to publication or release. This is the definition that we will use in the following paper. The phrase "redacted texts" can be used interchangeably with "censored texts". There is a more formal definition of the word redaction that means to combine multiple source texts into a single document; we will not use this definition here.

2.1 Dataset

The task of identifying redacted portions of texts in a document is made challenging in a large part due to inconsistencies in format and methodology of the data.

We work with raw image files of twentieth-century federal documents from the Declassified Document Reference System (DDRS). Using the DDRS as our dataset is ideal due to its accessiblity (all the files are public) and the number of documents available-- it is one of the largest available collections of declassfied documents.

Most of the documents are typewritten, 


Alot of the historical background is simliar to yours

DDRS Docs, Raw Image files *only*

TYPES OF REDACTIONS (Three common types + Approaches for Each)


Although we have the text of archived documents, we do not have the censored texts marked.


3. Model Description

4. Image Processing

5. Pre-Processing

De-skewing, Sasha's code

6. Conclusion









